# Arduino Due Specific Files

This directory contains files specific to the Arduino Due.  There are three
groups of files.

## SAM3X8E
These files contain low level definitions that have been autogenerated from the
SAM3X8E.svd file.  I have lightly modified them to better fit in my package
hierarchy.  I have no claim over these files.

## bbs-embed-due*
These files contain Ada code specific to the Arduino Due.  In general there is
no corresponding Linux function.  The primary function in this group is:

### bbs-embed-serial*
This package and subpackages provide serial communications for the Arduino Due.
Any, or all, of the four available serial ports can be used.You can choose
either polled or interrupt driven.  If you only need very little serial output
and want minimal overhead, polled might be a better choice.  If your application
has lots of serial output or more than a very minimal amount of input, the
interrupt driven routines are probably a better choice.

## bbs-embed-*-due
These files contain Arduino Due specific implementations of more general
packages.  Packages in this group include:

### bbs-embed-gpio-due
This is the Arduino Due implementation of the bbs-embed-gpio package.  It
provides access to the digital input and output pins.

### bbs-embed-i2c-due
This provide the Arduino Due specific implementation of the I2C interface.  It
is usable by all of the I2C based devices.  This allows these devices to be used
on either the Arduino Due or Linux based systems.

### bbs-embed-log-due
This is the Arduino Due specific logging function.  It is provided because
Ada.Text_IO is either missing or very primitive on the Arduino Due, so this
provides a common way for other routines to produce debugging output.  The
implementation allows output to be turned on and off under program control.

### bbs-embed-ain-due
This is the Arduino Due specific implementation of Analog inputs.  The base
object-oriented class provides only 12 bit inputs.  The Due specific
implementation also provides 16 bit inputs.  A non-object oriented interface
is also provided.

